=== Lerekern Region ===
* The Lerekern region, the arid badlands in the center of Ganice, spans an area of around 40,000sq 
  miles. It are surrounded on all sides by the [[Hulle Mountain Range]], with a break in the mountains
  at the North and South tips of the desert.

* Its environment is analogous to the American Mojave desert, or the Australian bush.

* Until the recent expansion Eastward by the Waterdeep Trade Council in their bid to gain control of
  the disparate settlements and city-states occupying Ganice via economic superiority, Lerekern was
  entirely unexplored by the Uraltan settlers of Ganice. In an effort to expand their trade routes,
  Waterdeep laid a road from their city to [[Nordenholde]], in the very Northwest of Ganice, through
  the Lereken desert.
  
* Thought to be unpopulated when first explored at the settlement of Ganice, the Lerekern desert is
  now home to the [[Hidden City of Rama]]. Populated by a warlike culture of humanoids, it is not known whether
  these individuals are native to Ganice, or are made up of prisoners and exiles sent to their
  deaths in the desert. The location of Rama is not known to the civilisations of Ganice, much to
  the misfortune of the merchants traveling between Waterdeep and Nordenholde. The few who have
  survived an encounter with the Red Riders of Rama return scarred, both mentally and physically.
  Missing fingers and ears is a common theme among survivors, perhaps taken as trophies by the
  riders. 
  
==== The Red Riders of Rama ====
* The riders travel the desert in makeshift karts drawn by horses, they appear to be "a rolling pile
  of discarded lumber, held together only by the blood-lust of its passengers."

* The riders attack caravans travelling through the Lerekern desert on the road, and generally
  attack in groups of three of four carts, with one of the carts hanging back and carrying two or
  three Ramana, playing large drums.

* Riders sandwich their target between two karts, and throw grappling hooks on ropes to bind their
  carts to the target, attempting to prevent their escape. The Riders attack recklessly, climbing
  the ropes or simply jumping the gap between the carts. They wield a strange hook in one hand (for
  saving themselves from a fall off of a cart) and a shortsword in the other hand. 
  - Riders reckless nature, and their lack of any armor makes their AC very low.
    * Standard Riders have 10 AC, and Rider Captains have 12 AC.
    * Riders make two attacks each turn, one with the hook and the other with the shortsword.
    * Standard Riders have 40 HP each, with captains at 50 HP.


*Red Rider*<br />
Medium Humanoid (_Chaotic Evil_)
----
Armor Class: 10<br />
Hit Points:  40<br />
Speed:       40ft | Climb 20ft<br />
----
STR 12 (+1) | DEX 18 (+4) | CON 12 (+2) | INT 10 (+0) | WIS 8 (-1) | CHA 6 (-2)
----
Condition Immunities: Frightened<br />
Languages: Ramaic, Common<br />
Challenge: 1/2 (100XP)
----
Actions
----
*Multiattack* Riders make two attacks each turn, one with each weapon.<br />
*Hook* _Melee weapon attack_ +4 to hit, reach 5ft, one target.<br />
_Hit_: 5 (1d8 + 1) piercing damage<br />
*Shortsword*: _Melee weapon attack_ +4 to hit, reach 5ft, one target.<br />
_Hit_: 4 (1d6 + 1) slashing damage

