=== Wrapping up in Oakhurst ===
As the players move to leave Oakhurst, they are approached by an unusually dressed pair.

==== Natalia and Nikola Chenova ====
 * Rumean brother and sister, speak with Russian-ish accents.
 * Dressed in somewhat tattered fine clothing with some leather adornments added for protection.
 * Merchants and smugglers, quick witted and happy to break the law if it makes some money.
 * Orphaned as children and have stuck together since, grew up in Waterdeep but are currently
   involved in the rare and exotic animal trade.
 * If the players make it out of the badlands with the cart in one piece, Varis is awarded a
   companion of his choice.
 
===== Natalia Chenova =====
  * The older of the two siblings, in her mid twenties.
  * In speaking to her, you get the sense that she is constantly engaged in this plan or that.
  * Natalia wears a navy blue military shirt, with gilded straps and tassels. Were it in better
   shape, you might mistake her for a general leading troops to war. She wears riding boots. Her 
   face is soft but certain, a face which evokes loyalty from those around her.
  * Refers to Nikola as Nikki, or as "Pui" (Little one in Rumean.)
   
   
===== Nikola Chenova =====
  * Nikola wears a white collared shirt underneath a peat-colored leather vest, in turn underneath a
    thicker leather jacket.
  * Looks to be around 18, with a bright face and large personality. Loves his sister more than
    anything else, with excitement and money trailing close behind.
  * Refers to Natalia exclusively as "Sura" (Sister in Rumean) or "Iubi" (love in Rumean)


==== Red Riders of Rama ====
The players are enlisted by Natalia and Nikola Chenova to guard her shipping cart through its
journey through the [[Lerekern]] region to Waterdeep. Riding with them is their companion, a Human
Bard (Haley). When the party leaves, Nikola is driving the cart, guiding a group of twelve horses to
accommodate the exceptionally large shipping cart. The cart is wooden roofed, and nearly 30 feat
long, and 15 feet wide. It is open fronted to allow conversation between the front portion and the
driver, with the middle 20 feet of the ground floor occupied by storage for freight. The roof covers
this twenty-five foot portion. The last 5 feet of ground floor extend past the roof to give access
via ladder to the roof above.
Three days into the 3 week journey, A strange apparition appears on the road ahead -
    _Through the wavering air warped by the heat of the desert, you see a man standing in the road._
    _What appears to be a child sits on one of his shoulders, and long slab of metal is strung over_
    _the mans back._
Mackie and (Angie's Character) request a ride from the party, and with the next town many miles
south, they will likely die of exposure if left where they are. Presumably the party allows them a
ride.

    _As the journey continues, you hear a steady beat cut through the haze and dust of the desert._
    _From the front of the cart you hear Natalia's voice: "Nikki, ele sunt inca depara. Make haste!"_
    _The beat grows louder, and you recognize it as the beat of a drum. Soon you see dust swirling_
    _in the desert air, growing closer and closer to you. As the beat of the drum draws close enough to_
    _reverberate against your chest, you see its source: Three rolling jumbles of wooden planks and_
    _straps, screaming across the desert, seemingly held together by sheer force of will and drawn_
    _by a pair of horses each. The vehicle in the center carries three creatures, hammering with_
    _bloody hands against leather drums strapped haphazardly to the cart. The other two carts pull_
    _towards you, and level themselves with you. Three hooks fly from each side, attaching ropes_
    _from your cart to theirs._
    
See combat sheet for details on the fight.
After this fight is concluded, the party may circle back for any comrades that had fallen from the
carts. Otherwise:

    _The sea of clay beneath the cart is finally broken by scattered greenery at first, and soon the dust of the_
    _desert is replaced by the green and brown of fertile land. You hear the rushing of water to_
    _the East, and the scattering of trees providing occasional relief from the desert sun grow_
    _into a thick canopy above you._
