=== Area 26 ===

In area 25 to the south, the players encounter Lesso, cornered by three giant rats. 
He is in bad shape and strangely is fighting alongside a smaller goblin, named "gilly". Despite
the assistance, they are being overpowered. If the players help the duo and 
slay the rats, Lesso immediately attacks the goblin (These kobolds are not fans
of goblins under any circumstance) but the goblin simply cries out, rather than attacking.
Gilly says, in goblin, "Wait, wait! Please I don't mean you harm!" Erky understands his cries
and calls to Lesso to stop his attack. Lesso does not relent unless the players remove him from
his tussle. If the players engage Gilly in conversation, he speaks in broken common.

Gilly's Knowledge:
    * Gilly has come to ask the players assistance, secretly. Gilly belongs to a 
      small group of goblins, led by the advisor to the chief ("Grenl"), who love 
      their tribe and want only for an exit from this awful place. However, the Durbuluk
      tribe's control has recently been usurped by Durnn, a hobgoblin, and three of his cohorts.

    * Grenl and Gilly wish for the party to kill or drive Durnn out of tribe, so that Grenl can
      control the tribe, and lead them out of the citadel, if the Durbuluk tribe wishes it.

    * Gilly tells the party of back entrance to the Hall of the Goblin Chief, a door on the
      Northern wall of hazy, smoky hall West of the shooting range (area 39). Through that door is
      an unused hall which will give the party the advantage of surprise when entering the Chief's 
      quarters, and allow them to bypass Goblinville and the commotion that would cause. 

    * Gilly also knows that there is a well in the Chief's quarters, which leads down below, 
      and from which Belik occasionally emerges to converse with Durnn.

    * If the players attack Durnn, Grenl will not assist them until Durnn falls, fearing reprisal
      should the party fail. If Durnn falls however Grenl will turn on the remaining hobgoblins.
      She is proficient in tribal hexes and capable in a fight. 

After this, Calcryx begins to get restless. With a calming word from Cenarius, she will quiet momentarily,
but will insist on the party's promise being fulfilled soon, and she be freed. If the players choose to
ignore her chiding, she will attempt to break away and escape herself. 

=== Attempt to free Calcryx ===

If the players are chasing Calcryx after ignoring her in area 25, three kobold guards will have been alerted
and will be in combat with Calcryx. Cenarius can attempt to pull her out of combat, with a DC 15 persuasion 
check. If unsuccesful, the players will have to fight it out with the guards. 
After combat, six more kobold guards approach with Yusdrayl, furious at the apparent betrayal. 
She gives the players a chance to explain themselves. If someone brings up the fact that the 
goblins will be attempting to leave the citadel, she may spare the characters, but still expects 
calcryx to be returned. If the players insist on freeing the dragon, Yusdrayl will not attack the 
party (as she feels she will lose the fight), and allows the party to leave only on the promise of 
ridding her teritory of the goblins.

If the players listen to calcryx, the can attempt a stealth check of DC 10 to enter the door on the
eastern wall to the south. Once outside the citadel, Calcryx will acknowledge the party (but not thank them)
and fly out of the Ravine. They may then return or leave if they wish.
When eventually confronted by Yusdrayl, they may lie. If they tell her the truth, she is furious but will not
attack the players on promise of ridding the citadel of goblins.
