=== Attempt to free Calcryx ===

If the players are chasing Calcryx after ignoring her in area 25, three kobold guards will have been alerted
and will be in combat with Calcryx. Cenarius can attempt to pull her out of combat, with a DC 15 persuasion 
check. If unsuccesful, the players will have to fight it out with the guards. 
After combat, six more kobold guards approach with Yusdrayl, furious at the apparent betrayal. 
She gives the players a chance to explain themselves. If someone brings up the fact that the 
goblins will be attempting to leave the citadel, she may spare the characters, but still expects 
calcryx to be returned. If the players insist on freeing the dragon, Yusdrayl will not attack the 
party (as she feels she will lose the fight), and allows the party to leave only on the promise of 
ridding her teritory of the goblins.

If the players listen to calcryx, the can attempt a stealth check of DC 10 to enter the door on the
eastern wall to the south. Once outside the citadel, Calcryx will acknowledge the party (but not thank them)
and fly out of the Ravine. They may then return or leave if they wish.
When eventually confronted by Yusdrayl, they may lie. If they tell her the truth, she is furious but will not
attack the players on promise of ridding the citadel of goblins.

=== Advance to the Unused Passage to the Chief ===

After dealing with Calcryx one way or another, the players can move to kill/dethrone Durnn, the Hobgoblin chief of
the Durbuluk tribe. Gilly told them of a secret passage from the north side of the Smoky hall (Dragon Haze). As the players
move from area 15 to area 39, they encounter 5 twig blights in area 33 (shooting range). 
In area 39, on the north wall, there is a secret door which requires a DC 15 Wisdom (Perception) check to notice. 
A DC 20 STR or DC 15 DEX w/thieves tools opens the door. The door leading into the Chief's hall has a small window through which an arrow
can be fired. Durnn is not aware of the door until the players open it.
