=== Secret Passage to Area 36 ===
Closer inspection of the sarcophagus in area 12 reveals an underground tunnel, beneath the coffin.
The tunnel leads toward an unknown area, but a collapse in the tunnel guides the players to a hidden
door in area 37, inside a cupboard. 

=== Durnn and the Hobgoblins ===
Grenl, Durnn, and 3 Hobgoblins reside in area 41. Grenl will half ass combat against the PCs until
Durnn is killed, at which time she will switch sides. No goblin reinforcements will come at the secret
guidance of Grenl. Durnn Tries to reason with the players if the fight goes south, but if he feels like
his pride is at stake, he will fight to the death.

=== Resolution of the Sunless Citadel ===
After almost being captured by Durnn and the hobgoblins after blundering into the Chief's chamber,
Nancy manages to dispatch Durnn by throwing him into an 80 foot pit in the center of the room. Durnn
attempts to stop his fall by grabbing the vines lining the vertical tunnel, but Nancy had rub dirt
in his eyes, disabling him from entirely stopping his fall. With the help of Grenl the Advisor, now
confident enough in the players to turn on the hobgoblins, the party fells the remaining hobgoblins.
Grenl uses some kind of ancient death magic to kill one of the hobs, Azurus is interested. The
players descend the pit by way of the vines lining its walls and find a twisted druid's grove below
the earth, and find Belak tending a huge and dead-looking tree, along with Sir Braford and Sharwyn
Hucrele. The party engages in combat after some back and forth with Belak, and discover that the
tree holds the free will of the two lost adventurers' free will hostage. Focusing on the tree and
using _bite_, the dagger they found in the dragonpriest's crypt, and fire, they destroy the tree,
freeing Sharwyn and Sir Braford. At this point, Sharwyn casts sleep on Belak, allowing the party to
_absolutely beat the shit out of him_, setting him on fire and drowning him in the blood flowing
from the now dying Gulthais tree. Azurus spends most of the fight entangled and held in place by a
giant frog, Belak's pet. He ends up eaten by the frog and dying in its stomach, and is saved by
Gjorgan and Nancy. Gjorgan requests Sir Braford's blade, an ornately adorned longsword called
Shatterspike, capable of shattering weapons and armor on particularly powerful strikes, sounding out
with a crack of thunder when it does so. 
